Now, with the TypeScript basics
out of the way, let's see how we could utilize TypeScript
in a simple Node Express application.
And for that, I cleared my folder again,
and I'll initialize my TypeScript compiler there
with tsc --init to create this tsconfig file again,
and I'll run npm init to basically turn this
into a new npm controlled project
where we then can install dependencies.
I'll confirm all these defaults here,
and that gives me an empty package JSON file.
Now, I wanna create a basic Node Express application,
let's say a basic Node Express rest API,
but with TypeScript instead of with JavaScript.
And for this now,
besides creating these configuration files here,
of course we wanna install Express,
with npm install --save express,
we install the Express package
which we also used before in the course.
We can also install with npm install --save
the body-parser package to parse incoming request bodies.
Now, with all of that installed,
we could write a regular Node Express application
as we did at multiple times throughout this course.
We can add a app.js file, and in there,
you know that we can import Express
by requiring express like this,
and we can create our app by calling the express function,
and on app, we can then listen on a port,
and then we can register our middleware,
our different routes, we can parse incoming request bodies,
we can do all of that.
But I now don't want to do it like that,
instead now the goal is to write some TypeScript code.
And since we now learned all those core essentials
about TypeScript in the last lectures,
let's convert this to a TypeScript application
and let me show you how we can build
a basic rest API with TypeScript.